Instructor: All right, so, let's kick things off
and talk about our course structure and outline.
Now, first and foremost, this is a project-based course
and it's for people who want a practical,
extremely hands-on and engaging approach
to learning Power BI Desktop for business intelligence.
Now, along with the course,
you're gonna have access to a number
of different types of resources.
You'll get a downloadable PDF eBook,
that's gonna contain all of the core slides,
the assignments, the reference materials, and so on.
You're also gonna have quizzes at the end of each section
and assignments throughout.
These are to reinforce key concepts
and simulate the types of real world scenarios
that data professionals encounter on the job.
We've got step-by-step solution videos
for each assignment as well.
And last but not least,
throughout the course you're gonna build
an entire professional quality
business intelligence dashboard,
but we've also provided a complete bonus project at the end
to test your abilities and apply the skills
that you've developed throughout the course
to a brand new data set.
Now, shifting gears into our outline here.
We've got six sections that we're gonna dig into
starting with an introduction to Power BI Desktop.
We're gonna talk about installing the program,
walk through the high level BI workflow,
make some comparisons between Power BI and Excel, and so on.
And then we're gonna start digging
into the business intelligence workflow,
starting with connecting and shaping data.
This is where we'll dig into ETL tools for extracting
and transforming and loading our raw data into Power BI.
Section three is all about taking those data sources
and turning them into a relational data model.
In this section, we'll cover all sorts
of data modeling foundations and fundamentals
like cardinality, normalization,
primary and foreign keys, filter flow, and so on.
And then once we have our model built
we're gonna talk about how to add
calculated columns and measures
using data analysis expressions or DAX.
This is where we'll talk about the DAX formula syntax,
the difference between columns and measures
and we'll review all sorts of common
formulas and functions like statistics functions,
date and time, text functions,
table functions, filter functions, and more.
Section five is where we're gonna bring our data to life.
This is where Power BI really shines
and it's where we'll practice applying all sorts
of visualization tools, like charts,
graphs, matrix visuals, interactions,
bookmarks, filter pans and more,
to create our own custom dynamic dashboard.
And then last but not least,
we're gonna wrap it up with a quick discussion
about how to optimize Power BI performance
to make sure your reports run quickly and smoothly.
So that's our plan of attack.
Next up, let's talk about the course project.